//Task One//
/
Using OpenCV to detects keypoints from an image and compare two images using SIFT detector andd descriptors.
/
Step 1:  Rescale the image properly to a size similar to VGA (480(rows) x 600(columns)), while maintaining the aspect ratio. 
Step 2:  Extract the SIFT keypoints from the Y component of the image's luminance. 
Step 3:  Illustrate each detected keypoint, draw a cross " +" at the keypoint location, a circle around the keypoint with a radius proportional to the scale of the keypoint, and a line from the "+" to the circle indicating the orientation of the keypoint. 
Step 4:  Display both the original image and the image with highlighted keypoints in a window.
Step 5:  In a command window or Windows Powershell, the program should output the number of
detected keypoints, e.g.
# of keypoints in A.jpg is 3180

//Task Two//

Step 1: Rescale all images to sizes comparable to VGA (480x600), while maintaining their aspect ratios. However, it is not mandatory to rescale all images to the same size.
Step 2: Extract SIFT keypoints and descriptors from the Y component of the luminance of all rescaled images. 
Step 3: Use the K-means algorithm to cluster the SIFT descriptors extracted from ALL images into K-clusters. The value of K should be a percentage of the total number of keypoints, and each cluster represents a visual word.

Step 4: For each image, generate a histogram of visual words by classifying each SIFT descriptor of the image into one of the K-clusters (words) and counting how many times each word appears in the image.
Step 5: Calculate the χ2 distance between the normalized histograms of visual words of each pair of images, which measures the dissimilarity of the image pair.
The program should output the following information:
	- Number of keypoints for each image and the total number of keypoints of all images, e.g.
	-Dissimilarity matrices for K=5%, 10% and 20% of the total number of keypoints from all 	  images. Note: please arrange the dissimilarity matrices in a readable format, e.g.
